---
slug: cat
title: my CS experience so far
authors: ganhaque
tags: [assessment, secret-history]
---

This is the summary of my experience in CS as a sophomore who has no interest in programming until the second semester.

<!--truncate-->

This is also my first blog sooo ... hi! what is a blog? no like seriously, is it just text a person write about somethinggg?

I guess I want to make a blog to capture my experience so far after making a website that I'm quite pleased with (that maybe eventually be able to host this blog without using docusaurus). Docusaurus is fine, but I prefer being able to customize things to the way I want.

Right, back to the website, there are soooo much more feature I want to add to it. There are no public website address yet, but I hosted it on [Github Pages](https://ganhaque.github.io/port_moon/). It's in really reallyyyy early alpha. I feel happy that I was able to make such a nice website, albeit the effects and bg and the glow are ~~stolen~~ borrowed.

I feel like I'm being level-capped when it come to making the website. I want to use JS to make the element because it would allow me to modify the texts, animation, and have more overall control over the elements compared to html.

BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW

So the website will probably go through several breaking changes before I'm finally pleased with it. And that feel pretty bad, like you have a really cool idea, but you don't know how to implement it, and you would eventually forgot about it later. It sucks.

About the art direction of the website. I'm a bit indecisive about whether to make it pixel-art, which I don't have a workspace set up for yet, or regular, which can ruin the retro-futuristic vibe of the website and require me to remake the current galaxy bg image in a different style.

About the forgetting things, even when I'm not "*level-capped,*" aka making art, I just don't have the time/motivation? to do it. I get inspired by beautiful illustrations of other artists like "one day I'll be that good" but it is fleeting. I'm just too busy with other stuffs. It's hard to do things when you are 

Oh, and this might be the last blog, it took me a lot of time to write it, and since no one would read it until I'm competent enough, there's not that much motivation to keep spending time doing this instead of 
